#7972 clean up of code related to MailingLists plugin (#8107)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/mapstore-migration-guide.md

## Migration from 2022.01.00 to 2022.02.00

> ### MailingLists plugin has been removed
> 
> This plugin has ben removed from the core of mapstore and if you want to include it again in you projects
> you have to include it as a custom plugin.
> 

Reviewer: This goes in a section `Migration from 2022.01.00 to  2022.01.01`.
Not needed to specify how to restore it. 

```suggestion
### MailingLists plugin has been removed

`MailingLists` plugin has ben removed from the core of MapStore. This means you can remove it from your `localConfig.json` (if present, it will be anyway ignored by the plugin system).

```
